Looping and Enumeration
=======================

Fr8 includes a powerful mechanism for iterating over upstream data and feeding it, one element at a time, to child Activities. This is done with
the Loop Activity.

Loop Activity relies on the convention that Crate Manifests should be designed as a collection of elements. (It will throw an error if a user attempts
to Loop over a Crate that doesn't follow this structure). Following this convention ensures basic enumerability of the crate contents.

Loop needs to persist the current index value so it stores it in the Operational State crate, which is added to all Payload Containers. The Hub will continue
to send /run requests to the Loop activity until ___________________. 

At Design Time, when the user selects the upstream Crate that will serve as the target of the looping, Loop signals a crate that's labeled "Current Element Generated by the Loop"
This allows the Plan designer to map the element properties to downstream Activities.

When Loop executes, it reads the current value of the index, extracts that element from the target crate of data, and clones it into a new crate of the same manifest. 

To represent the processing of each element of data, the Plan designer adds child Activities to the Loop and points their controls at the "Current Element...." crate.


Loop Processing Details
-----------------------

When Loop runs it determines whether it's done with its iterations. If so, it returns aa normal "Success" ActivityResponse, and the Hub proceeds downstream
to the next Activity. If not, the Loop increments the index in the OperationalState Crate and returns an ActivityResponse of "ReProcessChildren". Note that Child Activities are always run by default. The
natural order of activity processing is depth-first tree traveral. 

